Hello and welcome.
In this lecture we are going to be revising setting UI values so that we can go and attack the God and
the value that appears above his head is actually the value that we set in the binding of that unity
event.
Let's dive in and see how to do it.
So at the moment our damaged text is just displaying a default value that we set in the text component
itself.
Obviously that's not really what we want.
That's not what it's about.
It's about displaying the actual damage amount which we have already passed in through the argument
to spawn.
Now unfortunately that's not working on two levels first of all the amount that's being passed into
spawn is not actually the right damage amount.
It's a fixed amount that we set up in our inspector in the House script we've fixed it to 13.
That's what we're going to deal with in the next lecture.
But in this lecture what I want to deal with is making sure that our text actually displays that amount
that we put in in this case the amount that we put in is 13.
So the text should display 13.
Now you can take this whole lecture as a mini challenge now if you like because I think you are able
to do this.
Basically you need to expose some way on this damaged text component of setting that text value.
Now go ahead and do that if you feel confident.
Otherwise just wash through.
And that's what I'm gonna be doing this lecture.
So the first thing is going over to damage text and exposing some sort of function.
So we're going to do this by creating a public method.
It's going to be void and it's going to be called set value and it's going to take a float amount and
that's going to be what we're going to set it to now.
How do we get hold of our tax component that we want to set things too.
Well I think the easiest way is just to use a serialized oil field for that.
You can obviously do it in other ways too.
So we've got a serialized oil field that we're going to get a text object which is going to be our damage
text I'm going to call it and we're going to set the default value to nulls just so the C sharp compiler
does not complain.
So you can catch up with this bit by pause the video and just write this into the damaged text file
and then we're going to go over and make sure that's what first of all we need to make sure that we're
using the unity engine UI and then we can go and bind these things by going over to our prefab which
is in game damage text and now we want to go and bind that component so it's giving me an error at the
moment.
Have I saved the file now if not saved the file that I'll be white.
So if we go to our damaged text game objects and look for the damage text script now we can bind to
a component so we can just drag in this text object into our damage script so that it knows what it's
referring to and we've found that in the inspector which now means that when we get this set value coming
in we can do a damage text dot text and set that text value of the UI text to the float amount.
Now obviously the float Mount is a float.
So we need to convert that to a string and we might want to do stuff with decimal points as well.
So let's have a look at how we're doing things for example with the level display we've got string dot
format.
I'm just gonna use the string dot format.
Copy that over into our damaged text.
So we're gonna string dot format.
The amount that is passed in here to the damage text we want to display and semicolon at the end of
the line and we might need to include something for string yet we need to include the system using system.
Okay.
So that should allow us to set the value.
So the final thing is we need to call that function that we've just created.
So just a second for you to catch up if you are still doing that here is the stuff on screen for you
to catch up with that value.
And then we're going over into damage tech spawner where we are going to do the instance dots and we're
going to set the value from the damage amount that is passed in here.
Okay.
So now the damage amount flows from this spawning function in to the instance that we've just spawned.
And that instance has a serialized field reference which it uses to set that text.
So let's give it a shot.
If I go ahead and hit play well I'm expecting to see now is that if I go and attack this God where he
attacks me then we see the text 13 which is indeed what we had set up in our binding for that damaged
text.
Great stuff.
So what we've done is we have exposed the setting of that text so we can set the correct value.
Now in the next lecture we are going to be looking at how we can bind unity events that actually have
some value in them so that the unity event can send a value to another function.
I'll see you in that lecture.